---
layout: post
title:  "dB$"
date:   2025-7-4
categories: others
---

Tired of the same old boring *linear* dollars for currency?

Want something more exiting, something where you don't have to do too much math?

I proudly introduce a new measure of currency, **Decibel Dollars (dB$)**.

# What?

This new revolutionary unit takes the existing dollar ($), and applies a logarithmic scale to it. It's that simple!

Want to purchase a new house? Instead of stating 

> "This house cost $501187, but I can only afford $251188"

now you can say 

> "This house costs 57dB$, but I can only afford 53dB$"

and sound cool to your real-estate agent, I'm sure they'll love it!

Got a 5% raise this year? Congrats on barely beating inflation. But what is your new salary?
Instead of being a cave man and multiplying your salary by 1.05 wasting valuable brain power, now you can just add 0.212dB to your existing salary and you're done!

Want to know how much to pay for sales tax on your new toy? In CT, just add 0.267dB to your pre-tax cost.

Got your shit-coin's values cut by half? Just subtract 3dB to your funds. Easier and sounds way better than saying you lost $100000. Your IQ though may be off by -16dBIQ from what you think it is, might want to get that checked.

# 10log or 20log?

Obviously 10*log, as money is power.

# How about other non-US currencies?

As I am an American, no other currencies exists and this question is pointless.

But if you *must insist*, this logarithmic system will also work with your fake currency.

# This is dumb

You are dumb

# But my real-estate values are always in the 50dBs and above, and I don't like big numbers

Yeah I know, the real-estate market is total crap, unless you are an investment firm.

No worries, you can use my new new currency, dBk$. Now your 53dB$ house becomes 23dBk$. You can also extend this to dBM$ if have too much money.

# More examples

- Arizona Ice Tea: 0dB$
- A Big Mac meal: 11.14dB$
- Highest tire Iphone: 32.04dB$
- 2025 new Subaru Impreza starting MSRP: 43.87dB$
- A random house for sale in Wallingford CT: 56.02dB$ = 26.02dBk$
- A random 2006 Hinckley Talaria 55 on yachtworld: 66.67dB$ = 6.67dBM$
- Challenger 650: 75.44dB$ = 15.44dBM$
- Airbus A380 at 2016: 86.36dB$ = 26.36dBM$
- Elon Musk's net worth: 116.08dB$ = 56dBM$
